== README

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...


Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.


DOODLEDRAWER by Tony Georgiou 2016.

(Written under the tutelage of Joel Turnball and Luke Hammer at General Assembly's "Web Design Immersive - 17")

"Doodledrawer" is an application for the collating  and sharing of photographic images of doodles drawn mainly on scraps of paper and sketch pads etc. The name alludes to a drawer where the digital copies of the doodles can be safely stored.

At present it displays uploaded doodles categorised under the "Doodler's" profile. These can be seen by public viewers in chronological order, or viewed under a specific Doodler's profile listing.

Each Doodler can sign in using their email address and a password of their own configuration. They can edit their own profile and upload images of their doodles stored on Cloudinary. They can also edit their own doodles specifically to delete each image or change the optional title they designated it with.

In the future, the intention will be to provide Doodlers with a second "Locked Drawer" which will allow Doodlers more secret storage of specific doodles that they may not want displayed to the public. They may allow Followers to view these doodles.

Another feature will be the option to doodle digitally and store these images along side images of "analogue" doodles. Furthermore, there will be an option for users to view doodles under digital or analogue categories or simply as submitted chronologically. 
